Update Modules and Functors Tutorials (#1778)
ocaml/ocaml.org: data/tutorials/language/1ms_01_functors.md

(lang dune 3.7)
(package (name funkt))
```

The content of the file **`dune`** should be this:
```lisp
(executable
  (name funkt)
  (public_name funkt)
  (libraries str))
```

Create an empty file `funkt.ml`.

Check that this works using the `dune exec funkt` command. It shouldn't do anything (the empty file is valid OCaml syntax), but it shouldn't fail either. The stanza `libraries str` makes the `Str` module (which we will use later) available.

## Using an Existing Functor: `Set.Make`

The standard library contains a [`Set`](/api/Set.html) module which is designed to handle sets. This module enables you to perform operations such as union, intersection, and difference on sets. You may check the [Set](/docs/sets) tutorial to learn more about this module, but it is not required to follow the present tutorial.

To create a set module for a given element type (which allows you to use the provided type and its associated [functions](/api/Set.S.html)), it's necessary to use the functor `Set.Make` provided by the `Set` module. For reference only, here is a shortened version of the interface of `Set`:
```ocaml
module type OrderedType = sig
  type t
  val compare : t -> t -> int
end

> 

Author: @sabine Why did you remove this?
```ocaml
module type S = sig
  (** This is the module's signature returned by applying `Make` *)
end
```

Without it, understanding the signature of `Make` is a bit harder. Maybe we could have copied some `S`'s contents to make it easier to understand?

# Functors

## Introduction

In this tutorial, we look at how to use a functor, how to write a functor, and show a couple of use cases involving functors.

As suggested by the name, a _functor_ is almost like a function. However, while functions are between values, functors are between modules. A functor takes a module as a parameter and returns a module as a result. A functor is a parametrised module.

> In mathematics, [functor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functor) means something different. You don't need to know about those functors to understand OCaml's ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In mathematics, [functor](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Functor) means something different. You don't need to know about those functors to understand OCaml's.
```

# Functors

## Introduction

Learning goals:
- How to use a functor
- How to write a functor
- When to use a functor, some cases

> A functor is just a parametrized module.

Reviewer 2: I think the older description was better here since it describes a functor by analogy with something else that people may be familiar with. 

I'd take it a little further and say that functors _are functions_ but that instead of regular values they take modules as inputs and create modules as outputs. 

This intuition I think can help with other things, like the "transitive closures leading to modules" prerequisite.

Author: Sorry, I should have said that what I've written here is interim text. The original intro had some good ideas but it needs to be rewritten. This also applies to the transitive closure thing, of course we're not going to publish this as is.

Reviewer 2: No worries, and nothing to be sorry for! 🙏🏼

Author: Should we also say something like this?
> The term _functor_ comes from a branch of mathematics called category theory. Although OCaml functors are loosely inspired by them, no knowledge of that math is required to understand and work with OCaml functors. Functors in Haskell more closely represent the Category Theory concept and are, have nothing in common with OCaml functors.

**Prerequisites**: Transitive closure leading to modules.

## Project Setup

This tutorial uses the [Dune](https://dune.build) build tool. Make sure to have installed version 3.7 or later. We start by creating a fresh project. We need a folder named `funkt` with files `dune-project`, `dune`, `funkt.opam` and `funkt.ml`, the latter two are created empty.
```shell
$ mkdir funkt; cd funkt

$ touch funkt.opam funkt.ml
```

**`dune-project`**
```lisp
(lang dune 3.7)
```

**`dune`**
```lisp
(executable
  (name funkt)
  (public_name funkt)
  (libraries str))
```

Check this works using the `dune exec funkt` command, it shouldn't do anything (the empty file is valid OCaml syntax) but it shouldn't fail either. The stanza `libraries str` will be used later.

## Using an Existing Functor: `Set.Make`

> The standard library contains a [`Set`](/api/Set.html) module providing a data structure that allows operations like union and intersection. To use the provided type and its associated [functions](/api/Set.S.html), it is required to use the functor provided by `Set`. For reference only, here is a shortened version of the interface of `Set`.

Reviewer 2: I think I'm missing _why_ we need to use the functor provided by `Set` here – even a small justification for how we want to _reuse_ the functionality of a Set but with a custom `compare` operation.

Author: What do you think of something like this:
> Most of the implementations of the set operations must use a comparison function. Using the default `Stdlib.compare` would make it impossible to use a user-defined comparison algorithm. Passing the comparaison as higher-order parameter (like `Array.sort` does for instance) would add a lot of boilerplate. Providing set operations as a functor allows to specify the comparison function only once.

Reviewer 2: Yes, and this would pave the way for the arguments for functors as a tool for programming-in-the-large! I dig it.

Things like "avoiding repetitive code", "helping establish patterns", or "customizing a lot of code quickly".

Author: Text added as a note below

```ocaml
module type OrderedType = sig
  type t
  val compare : t -> t -> int
end

> module type S = sig

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(** This is the signature of the module returned by applying `Make` *)
module type S = sig
```

Author: Yes, this is needed, you are right.

  (* ... *)
end

> module Make : functor (Ord : OrderedType) -> S

Reviewer 2: Here for example thinking of `Make` as a function would be rather useful, since the signature, especially the right side of `functor` looks a lot like a function type.

```

The functor `Set.Make` needs to be passed a module of type `Set.OrderedType` to produce a module of type `Set.S`. Here is how it can look like in our project:

**`funkt.ml`**
```ocaml

> module StringSet = Set.Make(String)

Reviewer 2: I think at this point it'd make sense to create a small inline module to connect `String` to that `OrderedType` interface from above more directly:

```ocaml
module StringSet = Set.Make(struct
  type t = string
  let compare = String.compare
end)
```

You can afterwards do the handwavey "because String already has String.compare and String.t, we can just pass the String module". 

But otherwise it's a little magical.

Author: You are right, this is good idea.

```

With this, the command `dune exec funkt` shouldn't do anything but it shouldn't fail either. Here is the meaning of that statement
- The module `funkt.StringSet` is defined
- The module `String` (from the standard library) is applied to the functor `Set.Make`. This is allowed because the `String` module satisfies the interface `Set.OrderedSet`
  - It defines a type name `t` (which is an alias for `string`)
  - It defines a function `compare` of type `t -> t -> bool`, that is the function `String.compare`

> - The result module from the functor application `Set.Make(String)` is bound to the name `StringSet`, it has the signature `Set.S`.

Reviewer 2: Some notes here:

* I'm not sure about the `dune exec` sentence here, do we need to associate functors with calls to `dune`? Could we just explain the meaning of the `Set.Make` call directly?

* If we use a `struct ... end` to make the input module explicit, we don't have to explain why String magically fits.

Author: * On dune: we just want to have executable examples
* On `struct` : good idea

Add some code to the `funkt.ml` file to produce an executable that does something and check the result.

**`funkt.ml`**
```ocaml
module StringSet = Set.Make(String)

> let _ =

Reviewer 2: I think the whole parsing inputs and splitting by regexp is not adding to working with our functor here, and a hardcoded example would do just the same.

```ocaml
let () = 
  let set = StringSet.of_list ["hello", "world", "world"] in
  StringSet.iter (fun line -> print_endline line) set
```

BUT this makes me think that we haven't given functors a good raison d'être – like why do we even have functors to begin with?

Why does `Set` must be a functor but `Hashtbl` doesn't need to? 

And why does `Hashtbl` offer a `Hashtbl.Make` functor?

I'm realizing I don't know exactly what this is but let's say its because:
* we don't have a polymorphic `compare`
* we do have a polymorphic `hash`

If we had a polymorphic `compare` would we be using `Set` as an example here?

Author: This will be answered afterwards in the “parametrized implementation”. However, we can add a few words saying that being able to use a custom comparison function in all the functions of some sort of set, at once, is justification for set-as-functor.

  In_channel.input_lines stdin
  |> List.concat_map Str.(split (regexp "[ \t.,;:()]+"))
  |> StringSet.of_list
  |> StringSet.iter print_endline
```

Here are the types of the functions used throughout the pipe
- `In_channel.input_lines : in_channel -> string list`
- `Str.(split (regexp "[ \t.,;:()]+")) : string -> string list`
- `List.concat_map : ('a -> 'b list) -> 'a list -> 'b list`
- `StringSet.of_list : string list -> StringSet.t` and
- `StringSet.iter : StringSet.t -> unit`

This reads the following way:
- Read lines of text from standard input, produce a list of strings
- Split each string using a regular expression, flatten the list of lists into a list
- Convert the list of strings into a set
- Display each element of the set

The functions `StringSet.of_list` and `StringSet.iter` are available as the result of the functor application.

```shell
$ dune exec funkt < dune
executable
libraries
name
public_name
str
funkt
```

> There are no duplicates in a `Set`. Therefore, the string `"funkt"` is only displayed once although it appears twice in the file `dune`.

Reviewer 2: If we focus on the usage of the new set rather than input, regex splitting, etc, we wouldn't need much of this.

Author: You are right. I confess a preference for longer examples, but I see your point.

```shell
$ mkdir funkt; cd funkt

$ touch funkt.opam funkt.ml
```

**`dune-project`**
```lisp
(lang dune 3.7)
```

**`dune`**
```lisp
(executable
  (name funkt)
  (public_name funkt)
  (libraries str))
```

Check this works using the `dune exec funkt` command, it shouldn't do anything (the empty file is valid OCaml syntax) but it shouldn't fail either. The stanza `libraries str` will be used later.

## Using an Existing Functor: `Set.Make`

The standard library contains a [`Set`](/api/Set.html) module providing a data structure that allows operations like union and intersection. To use the provided type and its associated [functions](/api/Set.S.html), it's necessary to use the functor provided by `Set`. For reference only, here is a shortened version of the interface of `Set`:
```ocaml
module type OrderedType = sig
  type t
  val compare : t -> t -> int
end

module type S = sig
  (* ... *)
end

module Make : functor (Ord : OrderedType) -> S
```

> **Note**: Most set operation implementations must use a comparison function. Using `Stdlib.compare` would make it impossible to use a user-defined comparison algorithm. Passing the comparison function as a higher-order parameter (like in `Array.sort`, for instance) would add a lot of boilerplate. Providing set operations as a functor allows specifying the comparison function only once.

Reviewer: "...a lot of boilerplate code." ??
boilerplate is usually an adjective, so would the modified noun be code? file?

- Split each string using a regular expression, flatten the list of lists into a list.
- Convert the list of strings into a set.
- Display each element of the set.

The functions `StringSet.of_list` and `StringSet.iter` are available as the result of the functor application.

```shell
$ dune exec funkt < dune
executable
libraries
name
public_name
str
funkt
```

There are no duplicates in a `Set`. Therefore, the string `"funkt"` is only displayed once, although it appears twice in the `dune` file.

## Extending a Module with a Standard Library Functor

Using the `include` statement, here is an alternate way to expose the module created by `Set.Make(String)`:

**`funkt.ml`**
```ocaml
module String = struct
  include String
  module Set = Set.Make(String)
end

let _ =
  stdin
  |> In_channel.input_lines
  |> List.concat_map Str.(split (regexp "[ \t.,;:()]+"))
  |> String.Set.of_list
  |> String.Set.iter print_endline
```

This allows the user to seemingly extend the module `String` with a submodule `Set`. Check the behaviour using `dune exec funkt < dune`.

## Functors are Parametrised Modules

### Functors from the Standard Library

> Some ”modules” provide operations over an abstract type and need to be supplied with a parameter module used in their implementation. These “modules” are parametrised, in other words, functors. That's the case for the sets, maps, and hash tables provided by the standard library. It works in a contract way:

Reviewer: What do you mean here by "contract way"? I'm unfamiliar with that term. 
Might you mean "a specific" or "specified" way? Like, it works this way every time?

Author: Is the new text (line 166) an improvement?

Reviewer: Yes! Much more clear!

* If you provide a module that implements what is expected (the parameter interface)
* The functor returns a module that implements what is promised (the result interface)

> Here is the signature of the module that the functors `Set.Make` and `Map.Make` expect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the module's signature that the functors `Set.Make` and `Map.Make` expect:
```
Is this syntax still accurate?

Author: Yes, much better, thanks

```ocaml
module type OrderedType = sig
  type t
  val compare : t -> t -> int
end
```

> Here is the signature of the module that the functor `Hashtbl.Make` expects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the functor's signature that the functor `Hashtbl.Make` expects:
```
Still accurate?

Author: Ok

```ocaml
module type HashedType = sig
  type t
  val equal : t -> t -> bool
  val hash : t -> int
end
```

**Note**: `Ordered.t` is a type of set elements or map keys, `Set.S.t` is a type of set, and `Map.S.t` is a type of mapping. `HashedType.t` is a type of hash table keys, and `Hashtbl.S.t` is a type of hash table.

The functors  `Set.Make`, `Map.Make`, and `Hashtbl.Make` return modules satisfying the interfaces `Set.S`, `Map.S`, and `Hashtbl.S` (respectively), which all contain an abstract type `t` and associated functions. Refer to the documentation for the details about what they provide:
* [`Set.S`](/api/Set.S.html)
* [`Map.S`](/api/Map.S.html)
* [`Hashtbl.S`](/api/Hashtbl.S.html)

### Writing Your Own Functors

There are many kinds of [heap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heap_(data_structure)) data structures. Example include binary heaps, leftist heaps, binomial heaps, or Fibonacci heaps.

The kind of data structures and algorithms used to implement a heap is not discussed in this document.

> The common prerequisite to implementing any kind of heap is the availability of a means to compare the elements they contain. That's the same signature as the parameter of `Set.Make` and `Map.Make`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The common prerequisite to implement any heap is the available means to compare the elements contained in that heap. That's the same signature as the parameter of `Set.Make` and `Map.Make`:
```

If this isn't correct, let's work on clarifying and tightening this sentence together.

Author: I have shortened it further

Reviewer: Nicely done!

module IterPrint : sig
  val f : string list -> unit
end = struct
  let f = List.iter (fun s -> Out_channel.output_string stdout (s ^ "\n"))
end

let _ =
  stdin
  |> In_channel.input_lines
  |> List.concat_map Str.(split (regexp "[ \t.,;:()]+"))
  |> StringSet.of_list
  |> StringSet.elements
  |> IterPrint.f
```

It embeds an additional `IterPrint` module that exposes a single function `f` of type `string list -> unit` and has two dependencies:
  - Module `List` through `List.iter` and the type of its `f` function
  - Module `Out_channel` through `Out_channel.output_string`

Check the behaviour of the program using `dune exec funkt < dune`.

**Dependency Injection**

[Dependency injection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_injection) is a way to parametrise over a dependency.

Here is a refactoring of the module `IterPrint` to make of this technique:

**`iterPrint.ml`**
```ocaml
module type Iterable = sig
  type 'a t
  val iter : ('a -> unit) -> 'a t -> unit
end

module type S = sig
  type 'a t
  val f : string t -> unit
end

module Make(Dep: Iterable) : S with type 'a t := 'a Dep.t = struct
  let f = Dep.iter (fun s -> Out_channel.output_string stdout (s ^ "\n"))
end
```

> The module `IterPrint` is refactored into a functor that takes the dependency providing `iter` as a parameter. The `with type 'a t := 'a Dep.t` constraint means the type `t` from the parameter `Dep` replaces the type `t` in the result module. This allows the type of `f` to use the type `t` from the parameter module `Dep`. With this refactoring, `IterPrint` only has one dependency; at the time it is compiled, no implementation of function `iter` is available yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module `IterPrint` is refactored into a functor that takes the dependency providing the parameter `iter`. The `with type 'a t := 'a Dep.t` constraint means the type `t` from the parameter `Dep` replaces the type `t` in the result module. This allows the type of `f` to use the type `t` from the parameter module `Dep`. With this refactoring, `IterPrint` only has one dependency. At the time it is compiled, no implementation of function `iter` is available yet.
```

If this isn't accurate, let's work on the syntax together.

Author: Check updated text line 312

Reviewer: Much better! I suggested two little tweaks, but it showed up at the bottom of these comments. I'll resolve this one now.

**Note**: An OCaml interface file must be a module, not a functor. Functors must be embedded inside modules. Therefore, it is customary to call them `Make`.

**`funkt.ml`**

```ocaml
module StringSet = Set.Make(String)
module IterPrint = IterPrint.Make(List)

let _ =
  stdin
  |> In_channel.input_lines
  |> List.concat_map Str.(split (regexp "[ \t.,;:()]+"))
  |> StringSet.of_list
  |> StringSet.elements
  |> IterPrint.f
```

The dependency `List` is _injected_ when compiling the module `Funkt`. Observe that the code using `IterPrint` is unchanged. Check the program's behaviour using `dune exec funkt < dune`.

**Replacing a Dependency**

Now, replacing the implementation of `iter` inside `IterListPrint` is no longer a refactoring; it is another functor application with another dependency. Here, `Array` replaces `List`:

**`funkt.ml`**
```ocaml
module StringSet = Set.Make(String)
module IterPrint = IterPrint.Make(Array)

let _ =
  stdin
  |> In_channel.input_lines
  |> List.concat_map Str.(split (regexp "[ \t.,;:()]+"))
  |> StringSet.of_list
  |> StringSet.elements
  |> Array.of_list
  |> IterPrint.f
```

Check the program's behaviour using `dune exec funkt < dune`.

> **Note**: The functor `IterPrint.Make` returns a module that exposes the type of the injected dependency (here first `List.t` then `Array.t`). That's why a `with type` constraint is needed. If the dependency was an _implementation detail_ that is not exposed in the signature of the initial version of `IterMake` (i.e., in the type of `IterMake.f`), that constraint wouldn't be needed, and the call site of `IterPrint.f` would be unchanged when injecting another dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The functor `IterPrint.Make` returns a module that exposes the injected dependency type (here, first `List.t` then `Array.t`). That's why a `with type` constraint is needed. If the dependency was an _implementation detail_ that wasn't exposed in the signature of `IterMake`'s initial version (i.e., in the type of `IterMake.f`), that constraint wouldn't be needed, and the call site of `IterPrint.f` would be unchanged when injecting another dependency.
```

If this isn't accurate, let's work on the syntax together!

Author: Check updated text line 354

Reviewer: This is a long sentence with a lot of prepositional phrases: "If the dependency was an _implementation detail_ that is not exposed in the signature of the initial version of `IterMake` (i.e., in the type of `IterMake.f`), that constraint wouldn't be needed, and the call site of `IterPrint.f` would be unchanged when injecting another dependency."

I tried to remove one of them: 
"in the signature of the initial version of `IterMake`"
to
"in the  signature of `IterMake`'s initial version"

It doesn't shorted it much, but it tightens that a little bit. It is correct as it is, but this suggestion makes it a little tighter. Feel free to disregard. 🙂

## Write a Functor to Extend Modules

In this section, we define a functor to extend several modules in the same way. This is the same idea as in the [Extending a Module with a Standard Library Functor](#extending-a-module-with-a-standard-library-functor), except we write the functor ourselves.

Create a fresh directory with the following files:

**`dune-project`**
```lisp
(lang dune 3.7)
```
**`dune`**
```lisp
(library (name scanLeft))
```

**`scanLeft.ml`**
```ocaml
module type LeftFoldable = sig
  type 'a t
  val fold_left : ('b -> 'a -> 'b) -> 'b -> 'a t -> 'b
  val of_list : 'a list -> 'a t
end

module type S = sig
  type 'a t
  val scan_left : ('b -> 'a -> 'b) -> 'b -> 'a t -> 'b t
end

module Make(F: LeftFoldable) : S with type 'a t := 'a F.t = struct
  let scan_left f b u =
    let f (b, u) a = let b' = f b a in (b', b' :: u) in
    u |> F.fold_left f (b, []) |> snd |> List.rev |> F.of_list
end
```

> Run the `dune utop` command. Once inside the toplevel, enter the following commands. For brievety, the output of the first two toplevel commands is not shown here.
> ```ocaml
> # module Array = struct
>     include Stdlib.Array
>     include ScanLeft.Make(Stdlib.Array)
>   end;;
> 
> # module List = struct
>     include List
>     include ScanLeft.Make(struct
>       include List
>       let of_list = Fun.id
>     end)
>   end;;
> 
> # Array.init 10 Fun.id |> Array.scan_left ( + ) 0;;
> - : int array = [|0; 1; 3; 6; 10; 15; 21; 28; 36; 45|]
> 
> # List.init 10 Fun.id |> List.scan_left ( + ) 0;;
> - : int list = [0; 1; 3; 6; 10; 15; 21; 28; 36; 45]
> ```
> 
> Modules `Array` and `List` appear augmented with `Array.scan_left` and `List.scan_left`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the `dune utop` command. Once inside the toplevel, enter the following commands:
```ocaml
# module Array = struct
    include Stdlib.Array
    include ScanLeft.Make(Stdlib.Array)
  end;;

# module List = struct
    include List
    include ScanLeft.Make(struct
      include List
      let of_list = Fun.id
    end)
  end;;

# Array.init 10 Fun.id |> Array.scan_left ( + ) 0;;
- : int array = [|0; 1; 3; 6; 10; 15; 21; 28; 36; 45|]

# List.init 10 Fun.id |> List.scan_left ( + ) 0;;
- : int list = [0; 1; 3; 6; 10; 15; 21; 28; 36; 45]
```

Modules `Array` and `List` appear augmented with `Array.scan_left` and `List.scan_left`. For brevity, the output of the first two toplevel commands is not shown here.
```

Does this make more sense after the example?

Author: Yes!

> ## Conclusion

Reviewer: Should we complete this section or remove it?

Author: It needs to be completed, we need some conclusion

module IterPrint : sig
  val f : string list -> unit
end = struct
  let f = List.iter (fun s -> Out_channel.output_string stdout (s ^ "\n"))
end

let _ =
  stdin
  |> In_channel.input_lines
  |> List.concat_map Str.(split (regexp "[ \t.,;:()]+"))
  |> StringSet.of_list
  |> StringSet.elements
  |> IterPrint.f
```

It embeds an additional `IterPrint` module that exposes a single function `f` of type `string list -> unit` and has two dependencies:
  - Module `List` through `List.iter` and the type of its `f` function
  - Module `Out_channel` through `Out_channel.output_string`

Check the behaviour of the program using `dune exec funkt < dune`.

**Dependency Injection**

[Dependency injection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_injection) is a way to parametrise over a dependency.

Here is a refactoring of the module `IterPrint` to make of this technique:

**`iterPrint.ml`**
```ocaml
module type Iterable = sig
  type 'a t
  val iter : ('a -> unit) -> 'a t -> unit
end

module type S = sig
  type 'a t
  val f : string t -> unit
end

module Make(Dep: Iterable) : S with type 'a t := 'a Dep.t = struct
  let f = Dep.iter (fun s -> Out_channel.output_string stdout (s ^ "\n"))
end
```

> The module `IterPrint` is refactored into a functor that takes as a parameter a module providing the function `iter`. The `with type 'a t := 'a Dep.t` constraint means the type `t` from the parameter `Dep` replaces the type `t` in the result module. This allows the type of `f` to use the type `t` from the parameter module `Dep`. With this refactoring, `IterPrint` only has one dependency; at the time it is compiled, no implementation of function `iter` is available yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module `IterPrint` is refactored into a functor that takes a module providing the function `iter` as a parameter. The `with type 'a t := 'a Dep.t` constraint means the type `t` from the parameter `Dep` replaces the type `t` in the result module. This allows the type of `f` to use the type `t` from the parameter module `Dep`. With this refactoring, `IterPrint` only has one dependency. At the time it is compiled, no implementation of function `iter` is available yet.
```

Minor suggestions, if you like it better.

Create a fresh directory with the following files:

**`dune-project`**
```lisp
(lang dune 3.7)
```
**`dune`**
```lisp
(library (name scanLeft))
```

**`scanLeft.ml`**
```ocaml
module type LeftFoldable = sig
  type 'a t
  val fold_left : ('b -> 'a -> 'b) -> 'b -> 'a t -> 'b
  val of_list : 'a list -> 'a t
end

module type S = sig
  type 'a t
  val scan_left : ('b -> 'a -> 'b) -> 'b -> 'a t -> 'b t
end

module Make(F: LeftFoldable) : S with type 'a t := 'a F.t = struct
  let scan_left f b u =
    let f (b, u) a = let b' = f b a in (b', b' :: u) in
    u |> F.fold_left f (b, []) |> snd |> List.rev |> F.of_list
end
```

Run the `dune utop` command. Once inside the toplevel, enter the following commands.
```ocaml
# module Array = struct
    include Stdlib.Array
    include ScanLeft.Make(Stdlib.Array)
  end;;

# module List = struct
    include List
    include ScanLeft.Make(struct
      include List
      let of_list = Fun.id
    end)
  end;;

# Array.init 10 Fun.id |> Array.scan_left ( + ) 0;;
- : int array = [|0; 1; 3; 6; 10; 15; 21; 28; 36; 45|]

# List.init 10 Fun.id |> List.scan_left ( + ) 0;;
- : int list = [0; 1; 3; 6; 10; 15; 21; 28; 36; 45]
```

> Modules `Array` and `List` appear augmented with `Array.scan_left` and `List.scan_left`. For brievety, the output of the first two toplevel commands is not shown here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modules `Array` and `List` appear augmented with `Array.scan_left` and `List.scan_left`. For brevity, the output of the first two toplevel commands is not shown here.
```

  val compare : t -> t -> int
end

module type S = sig

>   (** This is the signature of the module returned by applying `Make` *)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (** This is the module's signature returned by applying `Make` *)
```
Would this still be accurate?
